there are a number of pets available for getting a commission as a commissioned
officer noncommissioned officers and chief petty officers
are petty officers in the navy noncommissioned officers and other services
generally come to the military without any particular prior experience
but to get a commission typically speaking here look at somebody
who's at the collegiate level either already have a collegiate
degree or they have that kind of an election experience beyond that
is not particularly necessary you can get the commission and get a
degree at the same time through the reserve officer training corps
program at civilian universities that's very hard to get into a very
competitive so you gotta be really smart and you got to be very physically
fit twos while in those programs now that's like getting in
the cattle once you're on active duty and once you've gone up to the
race laws and listed person occasionally especially if you have a very
very good test scores and have a really good record you might get
an opportunity to become officers through a number of programs in
my case I was commission after I had gotten my bachelors degree done
my marine corps service got a bachelors degree was half way through
law school and head of the wall and pretty positive your experience
as a cryptologist and was given what they call the bureaucrat direct
commission and the and the core so there is a case where spirits did
allow me to get the direct commission and not have to go to OCS or
to one of the academies